(You get in a helecopter on the roof and set off, not looking back.)
(A hologram of Bob appeared.)  Well, goodbye. Hope you know what your getting into.  Bob turns arund and walks away
(Screen goes black)
Screen comes back to show Bob back on hologram.  Why, Clone? Why must you be so hard to deal with? 
(The hologram flickers)
Bob:  Look, Clone. YOU should not even be here. But, of course, Corruption Inc. needs 'help' with there project. 
Bob:  They keep bringing you back. Over. and OVER. AND OVER. You think your WANTED? No. Your a tool, not a personel. 
Bob:  If you were not comming back, I could worry about the extractors in the underwater facility, but, no! I have to kill YOU instead of helping kill THEM. 
Bob: But I guess it does not matter, because there clones, and your a clone, too, so whats the difference? 
Bob: Look. If it was my way, I would leave you in a dark room, and watch the security camera feed of the entitys here ripping you apart, limb. BY. LIMB. 
(The hologram flickers)
Bob: You think I was going to let you live? No! Orders are orders, mate.
Bob: You know what? We won't need you anymore.
Bob: All we need is to send in a new clone. Maybe THEY will help us.
Bob: So... how do I say this?
(long pause)
Bob: Ill see you in hell.
(The hologram flickers off)
(A few milaseconds later, something hits the helecopter blades, impacts the players arm, and the helecopter is about to crash.)
(The player grabs a parashoot, and jumps out, into a pit.)
(Credits roll)
(Post credits)
(Bob is holding a walkie talkie, staring at security monitors.)
Walkie: They WHAT?
Bob: They jumped into a casem or pit tha-
Walkie: That may have been connected to The Resistance's web.
Bob: I dought he would get that far. There as dumb as a- uh- something thats realy dumb.
Walkie: IF BOSS FINDS OUT WE HAD A BREACH-
Bob: He WONT find out. My team is on it. Get back to dealing with the extractioners, and Ill deal with this one.
Walkie: Im trusing you on this.
(Walkie cuts off)
Bob: Me too.
(Camera's shut off, all screens have now is static and text that says no signal. No static sound.))
(Bob walks away.)
(Fades to black.)
